[MUSIC]
We can combine the IF function
with other functions to make it
even more powerful in applying
IF- THEN calculations to our data.
Let's use the AND
function in conjunction with IF to apply
multiple criteria when performing
IF- THEN analysis on our data.
Problem 6A asks us to determine whether
each of these product sales scenarios
has met both the price target and
revenue target specified.
We can use the AND
function when specifying the logical
test of the IF function to achieve this.
Let's parameterize the AND function first,
and then wrap the IF function around it.
Let's first check if the unit price of
the product in the current row is greater
than or equal to our target price value
as referenced by the named range.
Next, let's check if the revenue
of the current row's product sales is
greater than or equal to target revenue.
We can pause here to ensure that
our logical test is accurate and
returns values consistent
with expectations.
By breaking this into two steps,
we can minimize the likelihood of errors
in our compound IF formula later.
We can see that our AND
formula is returning true when we
have met or exceeded both targets,
and false if we have missed
either one of the targets.
Now, let's wrap the IF function around
this to tidy up the output a bit.
We'll use this AND statement as
the logical test for our IF function.
And then output yes,
if we've met the target,
and no, if we've not.
Notice that we could, if needed,
substitute additional functions for
these values of yes and no.
If we needed to perform
additional calculations for
when the sales target has been met or
missed respectively.
By chaining these two logical functions,
IF and AND
together, we can apply increasingly
complex logic in our analysis.
Now, it's your turn to demonstrate
your understanding of IF and
AND by completing problem 6B.
[MUSIC]